Vagrant is a way of managing virtual machines, it is driven by a Ruby script called Vagrantfile.

Some of these notes are specific to Linux/MacOS hosts, I don't have access to a Windows
machine.

To use it, first install virtualbox 6.1 from https://www.virtualbox.org, and make sure
it runs.

Then install vagrant following the instructions at https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.

Note: if you have earlier versions of virtualbox and/or vagrant, it's my experience that
you should update to the latest, sometimes by completely uninstalling the old one and
reinstalling.  Though if you have it already, you may know more about this than I do.

Sometimes I've also had to remove the ~/.vagrant.d directory, as it had cached something
that kept vagrant from running.

After this, get the Vagrantfile from http://fm.csl.sri.com/SSFT21/Vagrantfile, and put
it in a directory; vagrant will create a .vagrant subdirectory there.

Then run "vagrant up" in a terminal.  This will take a long time, especially the first
time.  A window will pop up early on, and you can log into it, but until the terminal
shows that it's finished, the tools are still being installed (provisioned, in vagrant
terms).

Once the provisioning is done, you can log into the window with user "vagrant", password
"vagrant". There are some buttons on the desktop, and you can start a teminal using the
menu that posp up when you right click on the mouse.

The window is running xubuntu version 20.04 LTS.

Tools installed:

- PVS: you need to click on the Visual Studio Code icon first, which will prompt you to
  pick a location (choose the default: /home/vagrant).  It will then ask about the NASA
  library, choose cancel, as it is already installed.  You can then continue running PVS
  from there, or click on the PVS button if you prefer the Emacs interface.
  PVS files may be found in ~/summer2021.

- ACL2: Pops up an Emacs window with ACL2 running, and some brief instructions on how to
  use it.

- hifrog and upprover: these can be run from the terminal.

- Compositional Analyzer: run "analyzer -help".

- Maude: run "maude" from a terminal.

- Coq: run any Emacs, and type M-x compay-coq-tutorial to start up the tutorial, if you
  don't already know how to use Coq.

- SBCL: run "sbcl" from a terminal.

- Clozure Common Lisp: open a terminal, and type "ccl -h" for help.
